Includes use of `RAILS_STRICT_WARNING` in Contribution doc - Fix #46263 (#46272)
rails/rails: guides/source/contributing_to_ruby_on_rails.md

### Warnings

The test suite runs with warnings enabled. Ideally, Ruby on Rails should issue no warnings, but there may be a few, as well as some from third-party libraries. Please ignore (or fix!) them, if any, and submit patches that do not issue new warnings.

> An important note is that while developing locally it is helpful to set `RAILS_STRICT_WARNINGS` to replicate Rails CI behavior. This ensures that there are no surprise failures in the CI results for a contributor's pull request.

Reviewer: "This ensures that there are no surprise failures" is not clear what 'surprise failures' means.
Would you clarify that by setting `RAILS_STRICT_WARNINGS`, the test suite fails if warnings are raised?

> An important note is that while developing locally it is helpful to set `RAILS_STRICT_WARNINGS` so that the testing suite will fail if any warnings are raised. This replicates Rails CI behavior and will ensure that no warnings go unnoticed during local development.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Rails CI will raise if warnings are introduced. To implement the same behavior locally set `RAILS_STRICT_WARNINGS=1` when running the test suite.
```
